# Q0: Why are these two errors being thrown?
The first error is thrown because of a problem an existing database. This happens because we have already declared the properties of our database, and database tables are "rigid," so we must {rails db:migrate} to update our table after it's been created. 
The second error is the result of trying to use some model called Pokemon, without actually having a model named Pokemon.

# Q1: How are the random Pokemon appearing? What is the common factor between all the possible Pokemon that appear? *
The random Pokemon are generated by the HomeController, in which it finds all Pokemon without trainers and grabs a random Pokemon from that list, then assigns it to the variable @pokemon, which is then used in index.html.erb to display it. All the Pokemon that appear right now are basic starter pokemon like Bulbasaur, Charmander, Squirtle, and Pikachu. They are all found in the seed file.

# Question 2a: What does the following line do "<%= button_to "Throw a Pokeball!", capture_path(id: @pokemon), :class => "button medium", :method => :patch %>"? Be specific about what "capture_path(id: @pokemon)" is doing. If you're having trouble, look at the Help section in the README.
It renders a button with the text "Throw a Pokeball!" with certain UI characteristics and then links a click of the button to my "capture" method. It takes in the id of the pokemon given, then passes that into my capture method. My capture method then uses that id to assign the currently logged in trainer as the pokemon with that id's trainer. Then the capture method redirects to home. So in short, that line of code makes a button and triggers my capture method when clicked.

# Question 3: What would you name your own Pokemon?
Candice

# Question 4: What did you pass into the redirect_to? If it is a path, what did that path need? If it is not a path, why is it okay not to have a path here?
I passed in the prefix for the specific trainer's page, called trainer_path(damaged_pokemon.trainer) where I specified the trainer id in the parenthesis to get the trainer whose pokemon I was damaging. That path needed a specific trainer id to go to.

# Question 5: Explain how putting this line "flash[:error] = @pokemon.errors.full_messages.to_sentence" shows error messages on your form.
https://github.com/candiceye/proj1try2.git

# Give us feedback on the project and decal below!
It's been great conceptually so far, I would just say some help with syntax/reference examples would be super useful for many of us! The staff have all been super kind and supportive too. I think the first homework was a bit difficult to grasp without much knowledge of ruby on rails syntax, but this project was really great in terms of helping us understand concepts, implemented. :) Keep it up y'all!

# Extra credit: Link your Heroku deployed app
